[DX-1648] Add example of using secretRef for sensitive information in OperatorContext (#5326)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-operator/getting-started/tyk-operator-multiple-organisations.md

      httpsPort: 8443
```

> For better security, you can also replace sensitive data with values contained within a referenced secret with `.spec.secretRef`.

Reviewer: Add code highlighting on both examples and expand the description of this example:

- Not sure how it works but does it mean that all the attributes: mode, auth, url and org etc. can be specified within the secret outlined by `secretRef`.
- For those attributes that are not specified in the secret then Tyk Operator will take the values from `spec.env`?
- What happens if there values configured in both the secret and OperatorContext CRD? Which takes precedence?

Summarise with explanation of what is configured in the secret and what is configured in the OperatorContext.

```yaml
apiVersion: tyk.tyk.io/v1alpha1
kind: OperatorContext
metadata:
  name: team-alpha
  namespace: default
spec:
  secretRef:
    namespace: tyk-operator-conf ## Secret containing keys TYK_AUTH and TYK_ORG
    name: alpha
  env:
    mode: pro
    url: http://tyk.tykce-control-plane.svc.cluster.local:8001
    insecureSkipVerify: true
    ingress:
      httpPort: 8000
      httpsPort: 8443
    user_owners:
    - a1b2c3d4f5e6f7
    user_group_owners:
    - 1a2b3c4d5f6e7f
```

> Mappings between `.spec.env` properties and secret `.spec.data` keys

Reviewer: We should update the sentence that describes what the table shows so that it is clearer for the following reasons:

- _tyk-operator-conf_ is a secret that contains `TYK_AUTH` and `TYK_ORG` keys. However, in the table below there are additional keys, e.g. `TYK_TLS_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY` etc. Are these also in the *tyk-operator-conf* secret or are they defined elsewhere?
- In the example where is `.spec.data` displayed? Is it contained within the tyk-operator-conf secret?
- Does the *Secret key* column refer to `.spec.data`

> 

Reviewer: In preview, before the table |————|———–| is rendered

      httpsPort: 8443
```

For better security, you can also replace sensitive data with values contained within a referenced secret with `.spec.secretRef`.

> In this example, API access key `auth` and organization ID `org` are not specified in the manifest. They are provided through a Kubernetes secret named `tyk-operator-conf` in `alpha` namespace. The secret contains keys `TYK_AUTH` and `TYK_ORG` which corresponds to the `auth` and `org` field respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, API access key `auth` and organization ID `org` are not specified in the manifest. They are provided through a Kubernetes secret named `tyk-operator-conf` in `alpha` namespace. The secret contains keys `TYK_AUTH` and `TYK_ORG` which correspond to the `auth` and `org` fields respectively.
```

> In this example, API access key `auth` and organization ID `org` are not specified in the manifest. They are provided through a Kubernetes secrets named `tyk-operator-conf` in `alpha` namespace. The secret contains keys `TYK_AUTH` and `TYK_ORG` which corresponds to the `auth` and `org` field respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, API access key `auth` and organization ID `org` are not specified in the manifest. They are provided through a Kubernetes secret named `tyk-operator-conf` in `alpha` namespace. The secret contains keys `TYK_AUTH` and `TYK_ORG` which corresponds to the `auth` and `org` field respectively.
```
